Document Ariakit Tailwind v0.2 changeset and migration updates (#5883)
ariakit/ariakit: packages/ariakit-tailwind/readme.md

```html
<div class="ak-layer ak-layer-canvas ak-ink-70">
  Layer with its own text at least 70% opaque
  <p class="ak-ink-0">Nested text at minimum readable opacity</p>
</div>
```

| Utility           | Description                                                                                                                                                          |
| ----------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | `ak-ink-<number>` | Requests a minimum text alpha (`0`–`100`). The rendered alpha is clamped to the minimum value that still meets WCAG AA for the current layer; `100` is fully opaque. |

Author: <!-- ariakit-pr-review review_id=pr-5883-2824901dd6fd0bff40c3f7ca118924bc74cc19e2-20260501T192632Z head_sha=2824901dd6fd0bff40c3f7ca118924bc74cc19e2 -->

This row is hard to parse and can read as "rendered alpha = WCAG-minimum", which would contradict the `100 is fully opaque` aside. The actual implementation is `textAlpha = max(textMinimumAlpha, inputs.textA)` (`packages/ariakit-tailwind/src/input.ts:1246`) — the requested value is the lower bound the user wants, and it is then clamped *up* to the WCAG-AA minimum if it is below it.

"Clamped to X" usually means "set to X if outside the range", so as written a casual reader can land on the wrong mental model. Worth saying explicitly that the WCAG-AA minimum acts as a floor on top of the requested value — for example:

```suggestion
| `ak-ink-<number>` | Requests a text alpha (`0`–`100`). The rendered alpha is the larger of the requested value and the minimum that still meets WCAG AA contrast against the current layer, so values below that floor are clamped up; `100` is fully opaque. |
```

Author: Fixed in c3d57a75d - clarified that `ak-ink-*` renders the larger of the requested alpha and the WCAG AA minimum.
